# Bhagvad Gita GPT App - Python Example

This is an example app that uses OpenAI's GPT API to answer questions about life and philosophy based on the teachings of the Bhagvad Gita. It is built using the Flask web framework, and it provides users with responses generated by the OpenAI API. Follow the instructions below to set up and run the app.

## Setup

1.  If you don't have Python installed,  [install it from here](https://www.python.org/downloads/).
2.  Clone this repository.
3.  Navigate to the project directory.
    
    ```
    $ cd bhagvad-gita-gpt-app
    ```
    
4.  Create a new virtual environment.
    
    ```
    $ python -m venv venv
    $ source venv/bin/activate
    ```
    
5.  Install the required Python packages.
    
    ```
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
    
6.  Create a new OpenAI API key by following the instructions  [here](https://platform.openai.com/docs/quickstart). Note that you will need to have an OpenAI account to create an API key.
7.  Make a copy of the example environment variables file and add your API key to the newly created  `.env`  file.
    
    ```
    $ cp .env.example .env
    $ nano .env
    ```
    
8.  Run the app.
    
    ```
    $ flask run
    ```
    

The app should now be running and accessible at  `http://localhost:5000`.

## Usage

To use the app, simply ask a question about life or philosophy in the text input field and click "Submit." The app will use the OpenAI API to generate a response based on the teachings of the Bhagvad Gita.

This app is intended to be used as an educational tool and should not be considered as a substitute for professional advice or guidance. The responses generated by the OpenAI API should be taken as suggestions or insights and should be further researched and evaluated by the user.

For more information about the app and how it works, refer to the tutorial linked in the readme file.
